Doc linux only supports x86-64 (#4508)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/getting-started/installation-and-updates.md

---

> Postman is available on the web at **[go.postman.co/home](https://go.postman.co/home)** and as a native desktop app for Mac (Intel and Apple), Windows (Intel 32-bit / 64-bit), and Linux (64-bit) operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Postman is available on the web at **[go.postman.co/home](https://go.postman.co/home)** and as a native desktop app for Mac (Intel or Apple silicon), Windows (32-bit or 64-bit), and Linux (64-bit).
```

Reviewer: I wouldn't specify "Intel" for Windows. For example, I'm sure AMD chips work fine. I'd leave it as (32-bit / 64-bit).

Reviewer: Okay then I would say "x86" instead of "Intel" for Windows

1. [Download](https://www.postman.com/downloads/) the latest Postman version.
1. Select and run the `.exe` file to install Postman.

> > Postman v9.4 is the last version of Postman that supports both 32-bit and 64-bit Windows. All versions of Postman following v9.4 will only work on 64-bit x86 Windows. You can continue to use Postman v9.4 and earlier on 32-bit Windows.

Reviewer: Are we saying Postman won't run (in emulation mode) on Windows for ARM processors? (Not that there are a lot Windows systems running ARM out there, but there are some)

Author: Correct. (There was an internal thread about this in Slack, mostly about trying to run Windows ARM in Parallels on an M1.)
